Refactoring and enhancing user-facing `Backend and Configs` docs (#7404)
networkx/networkx: doc/reference/backends.rst

Backends and Configs
********************

> .. note:: Both NetworkX backend and config systems are experimental. Backends

Reviewer: I think the original intent of the experimental status was more for backend developers than end users, meaning internal APIs used by backends may change, but the user-facing graph algos/functions are stable.  Perhaps this entire sentence is dropped?  If not dropped, can we reword it so users know the user-facing APIs (which is just the NX API itself) is stable?

Backends and Configs
********************

Backends let you execute an alternative backend implementation instead of NetworkX's
pure Python dictionaries implementation. Configs provides library level storage

> of configuration settings that otherwise might come from environment variables.
> 
> .. note:: Both NetworkX backend and config systems are new and and actively developed,
>    with frequent updates and improvements. While the backend user interface is unlikely
>    to make breaking changes, the backend developers may see some need to update
>    their code (within a deprecation period). The NetworkX backend developers should
>    regularly monitor the new updates to maintain compatibility. Participating in weekly

Reviewer 2: How about this?
```suggestion
of configuration settings that can also come from environment variables.

.. note:: Both NetworkX backend and config systems are receiving frequent updates
   and improvements. The user interface for using backends is generally stable.
   In the unlikely case where breaking changing are necessary to the backend or
   config APIs, the standard deprecation policy of NetworkX may not be followed.
   This flexibility is intended to allow us to respond rapidly to user feedback
   and improve usability, and care will be taken to avoid unnecessary disruption.
   Developers of NetworkX backends should regularly monitor updates to maintain
   compatibility. Participating in weekly
   `NX-dispatch meetings <https://scientific-python.org/calendars/networkx.ics>`_
   is an excellent way to stay updated and to contribute to the ongoing discussions.
```
It might be nice to link to the deprecation policy page when mentioning the deprecation policy:
https://networkx.org/documentation/latest/developer/deprecations.html

Backends and Configs
********************

> .. note:: Both NetworkX backend and config systems are experimental.

Reviewer: I like the new separate sections in the code for backend users and backend developers, but people reading this doc may not see that and think backends should not be used for production code.  Since this doc seems to be aimed at end users, my preference would be to remove this note completely.

   Backends let you execute an alternative backend implementation instead of NetworkX's
   pure Python dictionaries implementation. The config system provides library level
   storage of configuration settings that otherwise might come from environment
   variables.

   Both systems are new and under active development. Hence, they will be regularly
   updated with new features and improvements. At this stage, there are no deprecation
   warnings for these systems. This may change as the features mature and become more
   stable.

   Users of these systems should expect minimal need for code updates to
   maintain compatibility. However, staying informed about new features and changes
   will be beneficial. Developers working on these systems should monitor changes
   closely. Participating in weekly NX-dispatch meetings is an excellent way to stay

>    updated and contribute to discussions about ongoing developments.

Reviewer: This still feels like a lot of cautionary statements that could generally apply to other parts of NetworkX itself, but because they're mentioned here it makes dispatching seem especially unstable IMO.  My preference would be to remove these two paragraphs.

Possibly a separate topic: why wouldn't we start adding deprecation warnings if we have to make user-facing interface changes to dispatching and/or config?

Reviewer 3: If we didn't deprecate the name changes to e.g. the environmental variables, we probably should. We phased them out, but added code to allow them to work even though they aren't advertised in the docs anymore. At some point it would be good to remove that extra code. So a deprecation seems natural. 

Actually, I think we've maintained backward compatibility despite the many changes being made.

For this section, how about something like:

```
    Backends let you execute an alternative backend implementation instead of NetworkX's
    pure Python dictionaries implementation. Configs provides library level storage
    of configuration settings that otherwise might come from environment variables.

.. note:: Both NetworkX backend and config systems are new and under active
    development. Hence, they are regularly updated with new features and
    improvements. While the end user interface is unlikely to make breaking
    changes going forward, backend developers may see some need for code
    updates (with deprecation periods). Developers creating backends should
    monitor changes. Participating in weekly NX-dispatch meetings is an
    excellent way to contribute to discussions about ongoing developments.
```
(maybe with a link to the scientific-python calendars page?)
